README.md, before:

Multi-OS Engine Samples
========================

The following samples are available for the Multi-OS Engine:

- **Calculator** is a cross platform calculator. Demonstrates simple techniques: work with buttons, performing actions
- **CurrencyConverter** demonstrates how to open an URL and retrieve the content of that URL just using built-in Java* classes
- **DateCell** demonstrates formatted display of date objects in table cells and use of UIDatePicker to edit those values
- **FastJNI** demonstrates the usage of Android's FastJNI
- **FlipView** is an application that illustrates the following techniques: subclassing UIView, reacting to taps in views, open a URL to an external web site using Safari, flipping view content from front to back
- **InAppPurchase** sample demonstrates how to make purchases in your applications
- **KeyboardAccessory** shows how to use a keyboard accessory and how to use the keyboard-will-show and keyboard-will-hide notifications to animate resizing a view that is obscured by the keyboard
- **LazyTableLoader** demonstrates a multi-stage approach to loading and displaying a UITableView
- **LibGDXMissileCommand** shows how to implement libGDX game
- **LocalizedString** shows how to use iOS's localization APIs
- **MuseumMap** sample is based on SimpleMap sample. This application demonstrates work with SQL DB
- **NoteSqlite** shows how to make persistent storage with SQLlite library using generated bindings for iOS part
- **NoteTaking** shows how to make persistent storage with file system
- **NoteTaking\_Android** is Android-only version of the NoteTaking sample
- **OpenGLBox** demonstrates 3D graphics programming using OpenGL
- **Planets** demonstrates working with UI Kit graphics
- **RssReader** demonstrates use of HTTP and HTTPS using Java* API
- **SimpleMap** is a simple application that demonstrates working with MapView
- **SimpleNetworkStreams** demonstrates work with sockets
- **Snake** is a port of android snake sample. Demonstrates simple game creation technique without sprites. Using UIImageView.
- **SQLite3Demo\_java\_sql** shows how to make persistent storage as SQLite database using java.sql package 
- **SQLite3Demo\_android\_database\_sqlite** shows how to make persistent storage as SQLite database using android.database.sqlite package 
- **Taxi** is a template for taxi app that allows to select an address on Google Map
- **TheElements** demonstrates reading content from XML file. Works with UITableView, adding cells, using scrolling. Example of Master-Detail view, loading images from assets, reacting to taps in views, flipping view content from front to back
- **TicTacToe** demonstrates a simple game creation technique without sprites. Using buttons and performing actions.
- **WebBrowser** is a simple browser that uses WebView
- **WordSearch** sample demonstrating work with dictionary and substring search added

Commit message:

Add test status and notes to README

README.md, after:

Multi-OS Engine Samples
=======================

The following samples are available for the Multi-OS Engine:

| Name | Test Status | Description |
|------|:-----------:|-------------|
| **Calculator** | OK | A cross platform calculator. Demonstrates simple techniques: work with buttons, performing actions<br />**Notes:** The Android module is just a Hello World |
| **CurrencyConverter** | OK | Demonstrates how to open an URL and retrieve the content of that URL just using built-in Java* classes |
| **DateCell** | OK | Demonstrates formatted display of date objects in table cells and use of UIDatePicker to edit those values<br />**Notes:** The Android module is just a Hello World |
| **FastJNI** | OK | Demonstrates the usage of Android's FastJNI |
| **FlipView** | OK | An application that illustrates the following techniques: subclassing UIView, reacting to taps in views, open a URL to an external web site using Safari, flipping view content from front to back |
| **InAppPurchase** | PARTIAL | Demonstrates how to make purchases in your applications <br />**Notes:** Android module does not compile, iOS works |
| **KeyboardAccessory** | PARTIAL | Shows how to use a keyboard accessory and how to use the keyboard-will-show and keyboard-will-hide notifications to animate resizing a view that is obscured by the keyboard <br />**Notes:** Android is not the same as iOS |
| **LazyTableLoader** | OK | Demonstrates a multi-stage approach to loading and displaying a UITableView |
| **LibGDXMissileCommand** | OK | Shows how to implement libGDX game <br />**Notes:** Launch on iOS Simulator only works from Xcode on Xcode 8 |
| **LocalizedString** | OK | Shows how to use iOS's localization APIs |
| **MuseumMap** | OK | Sample is based on SimpleMap sample. This application demonstrates how to work with SQL DB <br />**Notes:** Requires Google Maps API Key |
| **NoteSqlite** | PARTIAL | Shows how to make persistent storage with SQLlite library using generated bindings for iOS part <br />**Notes:** Save not pressable on iPhone |
| **NoteTaking** | PARTIAL | Shows how to make persistent storage with file system <br />**Notes:** Save not pressable on iPhone |
| **NoteTaking\_Android** | OK | Android-only version of the NoteTaking sample |
| **OpenGLBox** | OK | Demonstrates 3D graphics programming using OpenGL |
| **Planets** | OK | Demonstrates working with UI Kit graphics |
| **RssReader** | OK | Demonstrates use of HTTP and HTTPS using Java* API |
| **SimpleMap** | OK | A simple application that demonstrates working with MapView <br />**Notes:** Requires Google Maps API Key |
| **SimpleNetworkStreams** | FAIL | Demonstrates work with sockets <br />**Notes:** Launches, but not functional |
| **Snake** | OK | A port of the Android Snake sample. Demonstrates simple game creation technique without sprites. Using UIImageView. |
| **SQLite3Demo\_java\_sql** | OK | Shows how to make persistent storage as SQLite database using java.sql package |
| **SQLite3Demo android\_database\_sqlite** | OK | Shows how to make persistent storage as SQLite database using android.database.sqlite package <br />**Notes:** Close guard warning, needs to be checked |
| **Taxi** | FAIL | A template for taxi app that allows to select an address on Google Map <br />**Notes:** Multiple issues, needs update. |
| **TheElements** | OK | Demonstrates reading content from XML file. Works with UITableView, adding cells, using scrolling. Example of Master-Detail view, loading images from assets, reacting to taps in views, flipping view content from front to back |
| **TicTacToe** | OK | Demonstrates a simple game creation technique without  sprites. Using buttons and performing actions. |
| **WebBrowser** | OK | A simple browser that uses WebView |
| **WordSearch** | OK | Sample demonstrating work with dictionary and substring search added |
